https://codepen.io/isaac-stott/pen/dyPjOEM?editors=1100

<!-- reveiw questions to Submit in today's file firt-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Its a standard way of writing HTML so that it is easier to read and absorb.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    it is a mark up language that provides structure to all websites

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    an Attribute provides additional information to elements in html

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    It's usually meant for the main title on a webpage and should only be used once. 

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    font and background-color

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    usually the title

    7. What is an id? 
    Is an attribute that is for a unique element

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    in html5 it can be used on any element. 
    
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    You should only use an ID once. you might run into issues if you use it more

    10. What is a class? 
    is an attribute that specifies one or more class names for an element in html

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    All elements can be added to a class. 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    no limit

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    add <target= "_blank"> to your <a href> link. 

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    Makes it so you can have an alternative image just in case the first one doesnt work for someone

    15. How do I reference an id?
    with a #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A div has no meaning and is very general. a section has meaning. 

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    its used to style and decorate the webpage. to make it look pretty

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    you use selectors. use a . for any element in a class and a # for ones that are in an id

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class can have as many elements in it where as an ID is specific to one element. Use an id for something you want to style uniquely. 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    with a period .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p 
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    is a way to select elements within its parent class. This is useful if you only want to style a specific element or group of elements.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    #sidebardiv

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    Its a way of selecting elements and giving them specific styling. an example would the hover pseudo selector

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height:

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    line-spacing:

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    cd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm because its 100% permament. no revcovery

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    so you can effectively collaborate with other team mates.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 10 to 15 mins is a good rule of thumb

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork, add TL to collaborate, clone, add link via git bash, add and rename file firstname.lastname.txt, do Assignment, push and commit in git bash to github.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 


